We go to Hong Kong first, where police are clashing with protesters
at an unauthorised rally.
Tens of thousands have defied a police ban to demonstrate,
after last week-end's violence that left dozens of people injured.
This has been an unauthorised protest.
It began earlier today in a playground in Yuen Long at 3:00PM
and we've been there following the protest as it attracted,
from our count, tens of thousands of people.
We also learned from the hospital authority that at least nine people have been hospitalised,
the nature of their injuries or ailments: not known.
We're expecting more protests to take place tomorrow, in Central.
This is a summer of protests that's not gonna end anytime soon.